adds new section for accessing RHSSO console (#50)
integr8ly/user-documentation: docs/content/gs-adding-users-proc.adoc

A realm manages a set of users, credentials, roles, and groups.

> A user belongs to and logs into a realm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A user belongs to a realm, and can log in to this realm.
```
